Specialised Treatment Packages  
under supervision of Ayurveda Dr


Vishuddhi: Detoxification Programme .18 Days
Vishuddhi Programme helps cleanse the body by getting rid of deep-seated toxins as part 
of illness prevention and internal cleansing programme with special ayurvedic cleansing
 treatments

Nikhar: Beauty-enhanement Programme .30 days
Nikhar Programme helps to have clear and healthy skin and to address various skin problems using 
treatments such as face serum massage, kansa massage, Gut cleansing, etc.

Oorja: Rejuvenation . 15 days
Oorja means energy .Our unique rejuvenating programme will instill  in body a new zest for life 

Shoolhari: Pain- management . 30 days
Shool means thorn and thus shoolhari can translate as removal of thorn (relief from pain). With our 
specially designed ayurvedic pain-management treatment s, including kati-vasti and Potli followed by
 steam fomentation (both session alternatively ) and Gut cleansing. Recommended for :knee
 pain, back pain, etc.

Vish-Haran: Gut Cleansing .14 days 
With prakritipariksha, Kosth Shudhhi (gut cleansing) with Aushdham, Mana-Shuddhi and Sharira Sudhhi; 
this is an ayurvedic programme specifically designed to make your body, mind and soul get rid of the
 toxins it’s holding from ages. It helps in weight management, hypertension, PCOS/PCOD and diabetes,
 and helps you in living life to the fullest.

Diabetes Management Programme .90 Days
 Ayurveda has a unique approach to diabetes (Madhumeha) treatment, which includes diet (Pathya),
 medicines and medications, exercise (vyaayam), and Pamnchkarma (bio-purification procedures). And it
 works if you stick to them without stopping.

Ayush- Anti-aging programme .90 days
Making use of the principles of the anti-aging activity described in Ayurveda. Vayasthapana (age-defying),
 Varna (brighten skin-glow), Sandhaniya (cell regeneration), Vranaropana (healing), Tvachya (nurturing), 
Shothahara (anti-inflammatory), Tvachagnivardhani (Strengthening skin metabolism) and Tvagrasayana 
(retarding aging).  Many rasayana Plants such as Emblica Officinalis (Amla) and Centella Asiatica (Gotukola)
 are Extensively used. The association between Ayurveda, anti-aging and cosmeceuticals is gaining
 importance in beauty, health, and wellness.

Gandharva Wellness Studio 6, Bharti Artist Colony, Main Vikas Marg, Preet Vihar
Contact: +91 9810503845, 011 41406873
